Update Temporal Cloud Login (#2500)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/cloud/users-invite.md

:::

> When a user is created in Temporal Cloud, they receive an email invitation containing a link to complete their setup and access Temporal Cloud.
> _For configurations using SAML, users can disregard this email._
> 
> However, when using Google or Microsoft for SSO authentication, users must follow the email link for their initial login to Temporal Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user is created in Temporal Cloud, they receive an email invitation containing a link.
They must use this link to finalize their setup and access Temporal Cloud.
Accounts with SAML configurations can ignore this email.
However, those using Google or Microsoft for SSO authentication need to follow the email link for their initial login to Temporal Cloud.
```

Friendly copy edit - take what you like.
